;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/block.wast
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:133: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:137: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:141: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:145: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:150: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of block is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x0000001c: on_end_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:156: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001d: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:162: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of block is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x00000020: on_end_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:169: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: on_br_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:175: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: on_br_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:182: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of block is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x00000020: on_end_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:188: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of block is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x00000021: on_end_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:194: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000023: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:200: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000024: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:207: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of function is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x00000024: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:213: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000025: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:220: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000026: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:226: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000027: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:233: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.ctz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: on_unary_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:240: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i64.ctz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001f: on_unary_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/block.wast:246: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i64.ctz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000020: on_unary_expr callback failed
34/34 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
