;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:229: assert_invalid passed:
  error: found call_indirect operator, but no table
  error: @0x0000001c: on_call_indirect_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:237: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.eqz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000023: on_convert_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:245: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.eqz, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000027: on_convert_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:254: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000026: on_call_indirect_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:262: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 0, expected at least 2
  error: @0x00000027: on_call_indirect_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:270: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of function is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x00000025: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:278: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of function is 2, expected 0
  error: @0x0000002e: end_function_body callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:289: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000027: on_call_indirect_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:297: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000028: on_call_indirect_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:306: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 1, expected at least 2
  error: @0x0000002a: on_call_indirect_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:316: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 1, expected at least 2
  error: @0x0000002a: on_call_indirect_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:326: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected i32 but got f64.
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected f64 but got i32.
  error: @0x00000032: on_call_indirect_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:336: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected f64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected i32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000032: on_call_indirect_expr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:350: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000021: invalid call_indirect signature index
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:357: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000025: invalid call_indirect signature index
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:368: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid func_index: 0 (max 0)
  error: @0x00000018: on_elem_segment_function_index callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:376: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: elem segment offset is out of bounds: 10 >= max value 10
  error: @0x00000021: on_elem_segment_function_index callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:385: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: elem segment offset is out of bounds: 4294967295 >= max value 10
  error: @0x00000021: on_elem_segment_function_index callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:394: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: elem segment offset is out of bounds: 4294967286 >= max value 10
  error: @0x00000021: on_elem_segment_function_index callback failed
67/67 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
